Now, let's add the capability
of editing a former entry.
If we look down at the menu,
if you choose E for edit,
it'll ask you which one you want to edit.
And then,it'll call
the edit phone routine.
So, we need to look at edit phone routine.
Let me run this thing so
we know where we're going.
Show, we have Kosmo Kramer and
Jerry Seinfeld out there.
So, if I choose Edit, it'll ask which one.
I'll choose 2.
So, I'll choose Cosmo Kramer, and
I can press Enter and
it'll leave the name unchanged.
If I type a new name or phone number,
however, It will replace the old version.
That's what we're about to add.
Here's edit_phone.
Now, since we're choosing which one,
we've got to make sure that
the user made a proper menu choice.
And we'll use the same proper menu choice
function as we did with
the delete function.
When we get back from that,
if it's not a proper menu choice,
then it'll return without editing anybody.
If it is a proper menu choice,
we'll convert that to an editor.
Then, we'll retrieve
that particular phone.
Now, remember, we're numbering these one,
two, three, four, five, but
Python calls them zero,
one, two, three, four.
So, we have to remove 1.
Then we'll write,
Enter the data for a new phone.
Press  to leave unchanged.
What we're going to do first
of all is print the name.
Calling a name position,
calling a 0 is the name.
Then we'll ask, Enter the phone
name to change or press return.
We'll do an input and
we'll get a new name.
Now of course, if you press return,
that new name is just an empty string.
Otherwise, it's a new name.
If the new name turns out
to be an empty string,
we're just going to set
it equal to the old name.
In either case, we've got a new name.
Now, we do the same thing with the phone.
We'll print the phone number,
then we'll ask for a new phone.
If it's blank, we'll just use
the old phone as the new phone.
Otherwise, it has a new phone.
In both cases, we've got a new name and
a new phone, calling that both
of them could be the old one.
We'll make a phone out of the new name and
new phone number.
And we'll put it back where we got it.